I welcome with you the company saturday
and today we have prepared for you on from
the freshest material responsive design for
your site
together with our partners vitali
Emelyan most professional expert in
site creation area that owns
by your agency word converter
marketing and hans
and so attention to the screens friends
hello with you vitali flounder
today we'll talk about adaptive
design what is it like this
implemented on sites like this helps
achieve high conversions on mobile
devices consider one of the sites with
who I had to work it
online store that was originally
made not in responsive design
here you see him as he is
looks on large monitors on large
screen sizes
if we consider this site on the screen
laptop small screen it will not
fit full width
it will be like this if we consider
its on the tablet on ipad the same
he will be like that
fit full width
formally it is not such a big problem
because man on ipad he can
scroll he can scroll the page
in all directions therefore big
The problem does not cause however if
man will look at the site on the smartphone
will go to the site on the smartphone he sees here
such a picture
it is not exactly what is meant
of course it was not necessary to pronounce either
words if he will open on this smartphone
the site then he will see just such a picture
the key problem is very important and
that the text will have to read him like this
way for example here
carried the courier here's a shop so
so so so so
scroll back to read the following
scroll line flipped back
scroll scroll back
scroll back realist and so
further long texts long headers
read very uncomfortable on the screen
the smartphone has to constantly scroll
back and forth
This problem is the key is not adaptive
design
maybe many of you will say that
responsive design doesn't need that people with
smartphones and tablets virtually no
visit their website and therefore
invest in responsive design not
need for this site i will look at
technology metric mobile
device here you can see
share of users who go to
mobile site for this
site it is 17 point forty five
hundredths of a percent almost 18 percent
People come from the main apple devices
ipad mostly tablets 37 percent and
iphone 13 percent respectively
for this particular site these 17
and a half percent make up more
120 people per day, that is 120 people
Every day, go to this site with
tablet or smartphone
and it is very important for them to get rid of such
problems site somewhere else not only on this
page such a problem is observed on
observed in goods observed in
product catalog in search and
directly affects the usability of the site
for users in respectively
purchase conversion in order to
fix it we are by three design whether the site
you made it responsive to look
carefully as it happens like this
The site is displayed on the big screen if
we squeeze it a bit to some
of a certain moment to reorganize here
he has a little bit of mobile reorganization
tablets under the tap with a small
by permission
rebuild yet he rebuild stronger
This is already under the tablet so it looks like
ipad in this way
squeeze even harder
and see how it looks on the smartphone
That's how it looks on a smartphone